[singing voice] Aniplex.
[all shouting]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[all shouting]
[both groaning]
Hey, Tatsuya!
‐ What the hell's going on?
‐ Leo!
[breathing heavily]
[gasps]
So the backup troops
are already here, huh?
[exhales sharply]
[Erika] Terrorists?
So that means we can kick
their butts no questions asked,
am I right?
Since they're not students,
no need to hold back.
[chuckles]
By the way, Erika,
did you spot
any other intruders?
[Haruka] Their actual target
is the library.
[Tatsuya] Counselor Ono?
Attacking you here
was simply a diversion.
[Haruka] Their primary team
already went inside.
Sayaka Mibu is there, too.
After this is all over,
do you mind explaining
what's going on?
I'm afraid not.
At least,
that's what I'd like to say.
Although, I'm guessing
you won't accept that.
[Haruka] If I did,
would you be so kind
as to do me a favor?
What's the favor?
[grunts]
I'm asking this of you
as Haruka Ono, the counselor.
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Haruka] I want you to give
Miss Mibu a chance, Tatsuya.
Ever since the previous year,
I've noticed she's
been struggling
to reconcile the gap between
her kendo skills
and the course two evaluation.
I guess it was too tall
of a task
for me to take on.
She ended up playing right into
those people's hands.
So would you‐‐
[Tatsuya] You're too forgiving.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Miyuki, let's go.
Okay.
Tatsuya, wait a sec!
Don't you think you're being
a little callous?
Leo, you won't be the only one
of us getting hurt thanks
to gullibility.
[gasps]
[exhales]
[both gasping]
Hey, wait a sec!
Tatsuya!
[snarls]
[gasps]
Miyuki!
[grunts]
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
[all shouting]
[blows landing]
[all grunting]
[Tatsuya] Looks like
the melee's already started.
[Leonhard grunting]
Leo!
[Leonhard] Heads up!
[shouting]
[blow lands]
[groans]
Leo's CAD is voice activated?
That's rare.
Hey, Brother,
he's executing
and building sequences.
You're correct.
He's executing
his spells sequentially.
That was popular ten years ago.
[Erika] Wow.
Even his magic's old school.
[both grunting]
Whoa!
How's his CAD still okay?
[Tatsuya] It's
his fortifying spell cast
on the CAD itself.
[grunting]
[Erika] So no matter
how violently
he throws that thing around,
it won't break?
That sort of magic
was made for him.
Leo, we're going on ahead!
[blow lands]
[grunts]
Great idea!
Best of luck to ya!
All right, then!
Bring it!
[low humming]
[Tatsuya] Two of them
at the foot of the staircase.
Another one's at the top
of the stairs.
Four in the second floor's
special reading room.
By my count.
Incredible!
With you around,
they've got zero chance
of ambushing us.
I definitely wouldn't wanna
go up against you
in a real battle scenario.
I wonder what the terrorists
are plotting
in the special reading room.
My best guess
is those insurgents upstairs
are trying to steal
the Magic University's
classified materials.
[rustling]
[both gasping]
[grunting]
Who are you?
Stop!
[both grunting]
[blow lands]
[man groans]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [groaning]
‐ [exhales sharply]
‐ [Tatsuya] Erika.
‐ [Boy] Who's there?
‐ [gasps]
[shouts]
[both grunting]
Just leave this idiot to me!
Very well.
[both grunting]
[phone beeping]
[digital whooshing]
[Sayaka] I thought our goal
was to end discrimination based
on magic.
So why?
Why would they require all
of this cutting‐edge
magic research?
Is this it?
Is this what I wanted to do?
[beeping]
[Boy] Yes, it opened!
[Boy 2] We can finally access
this country's
cutting‐edge research.
[Boy] Copy over the data.
Get me a recordable cube.
[Boy 3] Right.
The‐‐the door!
[all gasping]
[Tatsuya] Game's over.
[magical whooshing]
[Boy] What?
[shouts]
[groans]
Your pathetic master plan
is now history.
Shiba, but...
Damn you!
[gasps]
[shouting]
[Miyuki] Don't attempt
anything foolish.
There's no way that
any malicious intent towards
my brother could escape me.
[Tatsuya] Sayaka Mibu,
this is reality.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] A world where everyone
is treated equally
is a fantasy.
Such a place could never exist.
If there was a world
of equality where talent
and aptitude didn't matter...
Then every one of us would be
equally snubbed there as well.
You were being used,
Miss Mibu.
This is the reality
of that ideal,
which sounded so sweet when it
was whispered to you.
But why?
How'd this even happen to me?
Are you saying trying
to wipe out discrimination
was a mistake?
I'm sure that you yourself
grew up being
constantly compared
to your talented sister,
and there's no way
you didn't suffer
from unjust humiliation!
I'm sure you've been mocked
by everybody around you, too!
[Miyuki] I have never
held any contempt
for my older brother.
[gasps]
It wouldn't make any difference
if everyone else
on the face of the planet
but me were to slander,
disparage,
and even mock my older brother.
[Miyuki] In spite of it all,
I grant him as much love
and respect as I always have.
It's true.
There are many ignorant people
who look down
on my older brother,
but there are far more people
who recognize
and even celebrate
how splendid Tatsuya is.
So, Miss Mibu,
I must admit that I feel sorry
for you.
[Sayaka] What did you say?
Wasn't there anybody
in your life
who appreciated you
for the talented person you are?
Was your magical prowess
the exclusive barometer
by which you were measured?
My brother here
certainly acknowledged you.
[gasps]
Your kendo swordplay skill set,
your undeniable beauty.
[whimpers]
But those are both
such superficial things.
[Miyuki] But they're a part
of who you really are.
[whimpers]
Those are things
that make you attractive
and help define who you are,
don't they?
[Miyuki] You
and my older brother
have only just met,
remember?
What exactly were you seeking
from him?
Well, I...
In the end,
there was no one in your life
who despised you as a Weed more
than you yourself.
[gasps]
‐ [Boy] Mibu!
‐ [gasps]
Use this ring!
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] Cast jamming, huh?
Brother!
[both shouting]
[blows landing]
[both grunting]
[tools rattling on floor]
[Sayaka breathing heavily]
[Tatsuya] Miyuki, back off.
[gasps]
But Brother...
Shouldn't we have taken Mibu
into custody?
When you don't have
good visibility,
you shouldn't push yourself
too hard.
[breathing heavily]
Besides...
[Tatsuya] I'm sure she'll
capture her for us.
[panting, grunts]
Who are you?
It's very nice to meet you.
I'm Erika Chiba.
I'm a student of class 1E.
You're Sayaka Mibu,
the runner up in the national
junior high school girls'
kendo tournament.
Year before last,
isn't that right?
Yeah, what's it matter to you?
[grunts]
[Erika] Nothing.
I just wanted to confirm
that it's really you.
[grunts]
[Erika] Hey, no need
to panic here.
I can wait for you to get
your hands on a weapon.
[gasps]
[grunting]
You should get out of my way!
Don't make an enemy of me!
Well, now that you've said that,
isn't this self defense?
Not that I'm going
to be making up excuses
like that.
[Erika] Okay,
how 'bout we have ourselves
a serious sword fight?
You in?
‐ [grunts]
‐ So quick!
[blows landing]
[both grunting]
[shouts]
[grunts]
Self acceleration?
Same spell used by Mari?
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Erika grunts]
[groans]
[shouts]
[both grunting]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Now pick it up.
I want to see you go all out.
Don't you dare hold back.
The spectre of that woman
who ensnares you,
I'll smash it into oblivion.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[drops weapon on floor]
I won't be relying on this,
then.
[Sayaka] I'm going to demolish
that move...
With the use
of my intrinsic power!
It's obvious to me.
That speed technique,
it's the same
as Miss Watanabe's!
On the contrary,
there's more than a bit
of a difference
between my technique and hers.
[techno music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[grunts]
[gasps]
[groans]
[Erika] Sorry.
It appears I might
have broken your arm.
[Sayaka groaning]
It's fractured for sure.
I don't mind.
It means you refused
to hold back.
Right.
You can hold your head up high,
Miss Mibu,
because you played for keeps
with a daughter of the Chiba.
Hold on, then.
You're a member
of that Chiba family?
As a matter of fact,
I am.
Incidentally,
Watanabe's a disciple of ours.
Mari Watanabe is a mokuroku,
and I'm an inka.
When you compare
our kenjutsu skills,
I'm better than she is.
[exhales]
I see.
[grunts]
Hmm.
‐ [Koutarou] Hey, Tsukasa.
‐ Hmm?
Oh, hi, Tatsumi.
Can I help you?
Yes, indeed.
I've got a question to ask you.
A‐‐Ask me?
[Koutarou] Yeah.
My chairwoman
has what some people
might call a sketchy kind
of skill.
By manipulating air currents
and combining
multiple fragrances,
she can whip up
a truth serum without using
any illegal drugs.
[gasps]
Because of that,
now we know.
We have evidence that it
was you pulling all the strings.
‐ [panting]
‐ Hold it!
Mr. Tsukasa, please,
come along quietly with us.
[grunting]
[both grunting]
[groans]
[Kinoe thuds on ground]
[indistinct chatter]
[sirens blaring]
[Sayaka] For over a year now,
Captain Tsukasa
has been extorting
the whole kendo team
to finally bring about
an end to unfair discrimination
by magic.
The captain once lured me
to Blanche's
local branch office as well.
Apparently, his brother
is head of the Japan branch.
[Sayaka] Only a few days
after enrolling here,
someone had discriminated
against me
as a course two student.
I think that's why I listened
so intently
to what the captain said.
How had they discriminated
against you?
[whimpers]
[grunts]
It was...
[Sayaka]
The kenjutsu team caused
a disturbance while recruiting.
I saw Miss Watanabe's
magic sword skills
when she stopped it.
I was speechless.
So right away I asked her if she
would be a mentor to me,
but she coldly brushed me off.
What's that?
[grunts]
[Mari] Mibu,
did that really happen?
[Sayaka] You said,
"You're no match for me.
"It would be a waste.
"Go pick out an opponent
you're worthy of.
Go."
[Mari gasps]
[Sayaka] I thought it
was because I
was a course two student.
The thought of that‐‐
[Mari] Wait a second.
I remember now.
I know exactly what happened
that day.
Listen, I swear it
was never my intention
to brush you off,
all right?
What?
Correct me if I'm wrong,
but this is what I said.
"With my sword skills,
I could never hope
to be a match for you."
"It would be much better for you
if you practice with someone
who's worthy of you,"
didn't I?
Huh?
So you mean...
[Erika] Wait a sec, Mari.
So you're saying
that you declined
to practice with Mibu
because she was the one
who's stronger than you?
[Mari] Well, obviously
if magic were involved,
my skill set might be superior,
but Mibu has trained
in pure swordsmanship.
No way can I beat her
with my sword.
[Sayaka] Then it was all nothing
more than a misunderstanding?
[groans]
[Sayaka] No way.
[whimpering]
I'm such an idiot!
[crying weakly]
I just assumed,
misunderstanding you like that.
Always beating myself up
over it.
Wasting the past year
by resenting your kindness.
[Tatsuya] I don't think
it was a waste.
Tatsuya.
In fact,
this is what Erika said...
[Tatsuya] After your fight,
that you had become
so much more powerful
than in junior high.
Which is the undeniable result
of the skills you worked
so hard to polish
with your own two hands.
Instead of wallowing
in your resentment,
or merely drowning
in your sorrows,
you kept growing
and improving yourself
so there's no way this past year
could be considered a waste
of your time,
Miss Mibu.
Tatsuya.
[whimpers]
There's one thing I'd like
to request of you.
What's that?
Please just don't move
for a second.
[Sayaka crying]
[Tatsuya] Now, then.
Where are the people
from Blanche right now?
I'll be needing to know
where I can find them.
[gasps]
Tatsuya, don't tell me that‐‐
you're not taking them on
in battle, are you?
That's not
an accurate description
of what I'll do.
I'm going to demolish them.
It's dangerous.
That's not for a student to do.
[Mayumi] I'm against it, too.
We should leave
non‐school‐related issues
to law enforcement.
Okay.
[Tatsuya] Will you be sending
Miss Mibu to court
for attempted robbery?
[both gasping]
That's a good point.
Intervention from
the police would be undesirable.
Even with that being the case,
we students can't let this go.
But still, Tatsuya,
we're talking terrorists here.
None of us student
authority figures would dare
to ask any classmates
to risk their lives.
I would expect nothing less.
And it was never my intention
to ask the student council
for help.
Are you planning to go alone?
Normally that
is what I would prefer.
However‐‐
‐ I'm going with you.
‐ [exhales]
‐ And I'll come with!
‐ I will, too.
[gasps]
No, Tatsuya!
If you're doing this
for my sake,
I'm begging you to please stop
and reconsider it.
I'll be okay.
I know I deserve punishment
for what I did.
Don't do this.
If something were to happen
to you all because of me...
It's not for your sake,
Miss Mibu.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] It's because
my neighborhood
has been targeted by terrorists.
If anyone dares
to threaten Miyuki's way
of life,
I'll eradicate them.
For me personally,
that's my top priority.
[gasps]
[both gasping]
‐ Oh.
‐ Hmm.
[Miyuki] But hold on, Brother.
How are all of us going
to locate Blanche's
secret base headquarters?
If ever you don't
know something,
all you need to do
is ask somebody who does.
[gasps]
‐ [all gasping]
‐ Is that Miss Ono?
[gasps]
Well, I...
[chuckles nervously]
Why did I ever think
I could remain a detective
by disciple of Master Kokonoe?
Pretty naive of me, huh?
[Tatsuya] An abandoned
factory building?
It would be better
to go by car.
We're breaking in head on?
Correct.
[Katsuto] I can get that car
for us.
Huh?
You're going, too, Jumonji?
As a proud member of one
of the ten master clans,
it's obviously my duty
to aid them,
and it goes beyond that.
As somebody enrolled
at First High School,
I can't turn a blind eye
to the situation.
‐ Then I'm‐‐
‐ [Katsuto] Miss Sayagusa.
You can't go.
[Mari] The student
council president
can't be away
at a time like this.
I guess I agree.
[Mayumi] But if that's the case,
Mari,
then you can't go, either.
After all,
there might still be
some remnants hiding
on campus grounds,
so the disciplinary chairwoman
should be here as well.
[groans]
[Takeaki] Chairman!
Please bring me along with you
as well.
Why should I, Kirihara?
[Takeaki] As a proud student,
I can't let such lawlessness go.
No good.
I can't bring you.
[Takeaki] But chairman...
Not or that reason.
It's way too flimsy
with lives at stake.
[groans]
Now tell the truth.
Why should I?
[grunts]
[Takeaki] Chairman.
In junior high I always
admired Mibu's sword skills.
Unlike my own,
which were meant to kill...
Hers were meant
for pure competition.
Seeing it was beautiful,
and yet,
somewhere along the line,
her swordsmanship
became clouded,
and it gradually weighed upon
my heart and soul.
Is that why you pulled a stunt
like luring her into that brawl?
It's not as if I thought
I was helping Mibu
to see the error of her ways.
I just lost my temper
and I picked a fight with her.
You say the error of her ways,
but wasn't this Mibu's intent?
No, it wasn't!
Mibu's true intentions,
her sword's nothing like that.
Someone messed with her sword.
Someone corrupted her.
Some son
of a bitch used Miss Mibu
in today's incident.
This isn't even about her,
really.
I'm just so angry!
[grunts]
I'm begging you!
Jumonji,
please let me come with you!
[shudders]
I will allow it.
[gasps]
Are you sure?
Yes, you've now given me
a good enough reason.
[grunts]
[Takeaki] Much appreciated.
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Shape of my love ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Eternal song ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
‐ [Takeaki] Hey, big bro Shiba.
‐ [grunts]
I'll be joining you
on this operation today.
[gasps]
Hmm?